Why is it that some people use the same credit card
well while
others end up with huge debts?
But do
n’t you feel bad if you really overpaid for nothing?
Normal people would think, "
I overpaid for this purchase."
Right, I
won't do that.
But you didn't get nothing.
You gained time.
Wow,
it's amazing.
Your idea is really interesting. I've
never seen anything like this.
No matter how you use it, the
birth of credit cards can be said to be a conspiracy. In
our daily lives, we have
actually fallen into a trap when we use credit cards to pay for things.
However, even when faced with the traps set by credit card companies,
we have ways
to crack the merchants' tricks.
I believe everyone has a card in hand.
No matter how good your investment is, the
wrong use of credit cards
can destroy the wealth you have worked so hard to
build. In
this episode, let's talk about the price
behind the convenience of credit cards.
How do credit card companies that offer endless discounts make money from us?
And how can we
make money back from credit cards?
Remember that the Shifu teaching series
will have a new look
and you will see more new faces of colleagues behind the scenes. We will continue to present the knowledge of financial management and investment to everyone
in a more down-to-earth way. We
hope that everyone will support us.
YouTube's algorithm is getting harder and harder to play.
Friends who like our content,
remember to subscribe and press the bell to watch first,
like and share with friends, so that you will
not miss the opportunity to learn financial management and investment easily.
A convenient credit card
is a nightmare for many people.
Four out of ten Americans
have a credit card debt,
and 10% of them
can't pay it off in their lifetime.
60% of people in Hong Kong
have at least three credit cards. In the
fourth quarter of 2023,
Hong Kong people swiped a total of 160 billion credit cards. What is the price behind the freedom that
credit cards give us on the surface
?
Actually, it turns out that many people still don't understand the operating principle behind
this card that has been in their wallets for decades.
So we interviewed our colleagues to
see how well they know about credit cards. They
use credit cards a lot, but do
they know how credit cards make money?
Merchants charge fees.
I guess they make
money from people who can't pay back their debts.
Another way is to make money from merchants' cooperation fees.
It seems that colleagues have a vague understanding of credit cards.
Fortunately,
to understand the operating mechanism of credit cards, it's
nothing more than one word:
"trust", which is
credit in English.
In the financial world, there are generally two types of people:
one is the creditor, who has money to lend to others, and the
other is the debtor, who wants money and asks others to borrow. These
two groups of people go back and forth,
driving the operation of the economy endlessly,
but they have to decide whether to lend and how much to lend.  It
depends a lot on this thing,
credit score.
In fact, everyone, regardless of whether they are good or bad,
will be given a score based on their credit record
and a set of scoring criteria.
Banks and credit card companies
rely on this digital score to
assess the risk of lending you money.
Hong Kong's credit score is divided into ten levels,
from A to J,
with A being the highest. Whether it is
mortgage purchase of a property,
borrowing money for turnover, or
doing business, it all depends on this score. The
fastest way to get this credit record
is to apply for a credit card. In
1958, the
first credit card with a revolving credit loan function,
BankAmericard, was born, which
is the predecessor of Visa Card.
On the surface, this card brings convenience to modern people. You
can buy now and pay later with a simple scan,
but when you open the package...
There are actually financial products full of traps.
Of course, are the big credit card companies
running charities?
In order to win our favor, a credit card
offers welcome gifts,
cash rebates, and
various preferential treatments.
How can they make money from us after spending so much money like this?
For credit card companies,
there are two kinds of people in this world: those who owe money on their
cards at the end of the month and are in effect borrowing money, and
those who pay off their cards in full at the end of the month.
In foreign countries, there is a technical term for these people,
Deadbeat.
You need to make sure that you have never paid a penny of interest
to the credit card company,
and you have reaped all the benefits of the credit card.
However, even if these deadbeats take all the money
and never owe any money,
credit card companies still have ways to make money.
One is to charge merchants a handling fee, which
usually ranges from 1.5% to 3%.  For
example, if a restaurant has a turnover of 1 million, a
2.5% fee would be around 25,000 yuan.
So every large purchase you make
is helping the bank make money.
If you are a black card exclusive customer,
you can buy anything you want. You spend
1.08 billion to
buy Picasso's "Woman with a Watch",
and the 2.5% fee
makes the credit card company earn 27 million yuan. The
second method is interest,
targeting a group of low-income people who
only pay the minimum repayment amount and
maintain a long-term debt status. The group of people I
just mentioned accounts for a
large proportion of the entire society.
Once the interest-based model is activated, the
bank's income can be terrifyingly considerable.
How terrifying is it? Let's
make an assumption.
Suppose you swipe your card to buy a worth  The day you spend $
27,000 on an Apple Vision Pro,
you are already borrowing money from the bank. What will happen
if you are late with your payments
or only pay the minimum amount every month?
Interest
will start to accrue from the day you sign the contract, and
if it continues day after day, you will also have to
pay interest on interest.
In a few years, the
interest you pay will be
more than the amount you paid on your card. A
look at HSBC's credit card counter
will show you everything. If you spend $
27,000 to
buy an Apple Vision Pro, it will
take you 14 years to
pay off the
total interest, excluding the principal. A special
discount of $56,000
means you can get two more Apple Vision Pros.
Congratulations! The
minimum payment
can only take you to heaven for a short time.
What is the actual cost? The
interest will push you into the depths of hell.  There is
no way back,
so you must pay on time.
If you don't owe any money,
you are smart.
In fact, the
largest source of income for credit card companies is interest, which accounts
for 56%. There are
also annual fees,
overdue fines, etc.
Two-thirds of the income comes
from consumers themselves,
that is, us, the credit card holders. The
remaining small part of the income
comes from the merchants themselves.
In addition to this,
credit cards also use a
method that seems to have nothing to do with money to make money,
which is psychology. Have you ever
thought about
why the monthly statement is designed like this?
Why in the upper right corner, in addition to the total amount owed, there are also
credit limits and minimum
repayment amounts? Why is the credit limit initially granted to you
higher than your monthly salary? The
promotional website is beautifully designed,
but when it comes to the star position, the
terms and conditions are more difficult to understand than reading classical Chinese.
These are all the results of countless experiments
A/B  The
credit card companies love people like
us who do
n't pay back much at all.
Our collective bad financial management habits
make them earn a lot of money.
So how can they not carefully create
various offers to entice you to open the card and
really use it to the fullest? And
what percentage of people pay on time?
They are considered excessive.
Fortunately, our credit card habits are
relatively healthy.
If you want to know what they have been involved in and what
I think of their credit card swiping habits,
remember to watch the last episode of the Shifu teaching series.
Some of the bits really resonate with me,
but some of them are so funny.
Even I learned something.
Credit cards are evil things.
But for many people, they
are still a great invention.
Keep at least two or three in your wallet just in case,
because this card is still  It
brings us certain benefits.
So what does it mean to make
good use of credit cards?
You won't be fined by it,
but you can use up its limit. It
should be that you
don't let it get any money from me. What the
editor and colleagues said are right,
and they have pointed out the two major advantages of using credit cards.
I think the good use of credit cards
can be divided into two levels.
Level 1 is to use addition thinking. The
simplest and most direct way
is to take advantage of its benefits and
know how to use credit card reward plans,
welcome offers, gifts, etc. It
is best to set up automatic repayment and pay the
full amount every month.
And the premise is to actively choose a credit card that suits you, rather than
waiting for the credit card to choose you. Do
n't you just apply for it randomly?
In turn, it will only increase your debt risk.
Level 2 is multiplier thinking,
using the benefits of credit to
achieve greater results.
Many people immediately wrestle their heads when they hear about borrowing money.
For example, the previous generation taught us that we
would rather have others owe us money than have ourselves owe
others money. This is
totally wrong.
Although credit cards are a loan tool,
remember that borrowing
money itself is neutral. The
key is what you borrow money for. The
things you buy
directly determine whether the
debt is a good debt or a bad debt.
Rich people are bound to have debts.
They will borrow money to do things that will increase in value,
buy things that will appreciate in value,
or assets that will bring in positive cash flow.
If you pay back 1 yuan
but your income can create 2 yuan, then
unlimited leverage
will only help you accumulate wealth slowly and slowly, and
slowly snowball.
For example, using a good credit card repayment record  To
improve your credit score, the
first thing you need to know is that
a healthy credit record
means not using more than 30
% of your credit limit and making repayments on time every month. Your
credit score
may not be very useful to you today,
but it will be very useful to you in the future. If you
plan to take out a mortgage or start a business, and
suddenly something happens and you need
money urgently,
how much you can borrow, what the interest rate will be,
or even if you can borrow at all?
Credit score is definitely a key role. There is more than one way
to prove that an institution is worthy of lending you money.
But if this credit card has
no credit score, it
will be difficult to help you.
So the credit score system
is a double-edged sword. It
depends on how you use it.
Good debt and bad debt
have been discussed in detail in this episode of Borrowing Money for a Lifetime.
If you need to, go watch this episode to review it.
Seeing this all proves that you are very concerned about your
money.
But if you feel that the investment world
seems to be a maze full of fog, you will have to
read many, many books
before you find ten or eight books that are useful. It is like going out for
food, and you are
destined to lose a lot of money before you learn anything. If it
makes your scalp numb,
don’t worry.
In order to help everyone get out of this investment maze,
we have just carefully prepared
a series of new learning routes that are easy to learn and easy to understand.
If you want to be on the road to investment and financial management.
Go longer and further. Go
to the link in the description column
or scan this QR code. It’s the
same sentence.
There are advantages and disadvantages to using a credit card. There
is a price behind the discounts and numbers.
But you have Diao Chan and
I also have Xiao Erqiao.
We are not necessarily just being exploited by credit cards.
We can all take the initiative to make good use of credit cards. The
key lies in how you use it. I do
n’t want everyone to turn off the screen after watching the video
and pretend nothing happened,
so I specifically want to give you three steps.
Everyone go back and do your homework.
First, count how many credit cards you have. Do
you know
how much your total credit limit is?
Second, after reading the credit card monthly statement for the most recent month,
what are your spending habits like? Do you have any outstanding balances?
I believe there will be surprises.
Third, what was the reason for applying for different credit cards in the first place? Is
this reason still valid? Do you
need to cancel the card? If you
have done your homework,
you are welcome to
explain and share your answers in the comment section below. You
can also write down what topic you want me to talk about. As a
preview,
next week there will be a mysterious guest who I have been watching for
four or five years. He will come
up to chat.
It turns out that everyone
has his own way of using credit cards. Can
modern people survive without credit cards
?
I am very proud of the content.
Remember to pay attention.
This episode ends here. If you
like this video, please subscribe to this channel.
Like and share this video
so that more people will know about this kind of financial investment teaching. Remember that
investment is not the exclusive domain of big crocodiles.
See you next time. Bye.
Seeing this proves it.
Seeing this
!@#$%^&*&(
Yes.
End